Fixes prior to release (#72)
epiverse-trace/cfr: vignettes/estimate_ascertainment.Rmd

Finally, we estimate ascertainment for all countries with large early outbreaks of Covid-19.

> We define a large outbreak as one which has caused at least 100,000 deaths between 2020 and 2023, and focus on the period between the start of each outbreak to the 1st June 2020.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For illustrative purposes, we define a large outbreak as one which has caused at least 100,000 deaths between 2020 and 2023, and focus on the period between the start of each outbreak to the 1st June 2020.
```

> We do so as it was this period where under-ascertainment of cases and infections was likely the highest, as tests were still being developed and had not been made widely available in many countries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do so as under-ascertainment of cases and infections was likely to be high in this early period of the pandemic, because testing of symptomatic cases was still being scale up and had not been made widely available in many countries.
```

We now use the larger dataset `covid_data` made available with the _cfr_ package, and initially made available via the _covidregionaldata_ package [@palmer2021].

We adopt data science tools to iteratively apply the `estimate_ascertainment()` function across data grouped by country.
We refer the user to the book [R for Data Science](https://r4ds.had.co.nz/) for a better explanation of some of the code used here, including from the packages in [the Tidyverse](https://www.tidyverse.org/).

```{r}
# nest the data
df_reporting <- nest(covid_data, .by = country)

# calculate the reporting rate in each country using

> # map on nested dataframes

Reviewer: The `df_reporting` chunk returns a couple of errors for me:
```
Error in `mutate()`:
! Problem while computing `reporting = map(...)`.
Caused by error in `map()`:
! `.x` must be a vector, not a function.
```
and for the unnesting:
```
Error in `chr_as_locations()`:
! Can't subset columns that don't exist.
✖ Column `reporting` doesn't exist.
```
and hence for the plot:
```
Error in `geom_pointrange()`:
! Problem while computing aesthetics.
ℹ Error occurred in the 1st layer.
Caused by error in `check_factor()`:
! object 'country' not found
```
